is the Israeli Army has ordered
Palestinians across a vast area of
central Gaza including Al magazi refugee
camp to evacuate they're being told to
go to Der balah which is further in the
South the UN says the evacuation order
affects about
61,000 displaced Palestinians mostly
from northern Gaza H has more from the
alghazi refugee
camp I'm currently standing on Al Salah
Road one of the main High Roads that
connects the North to the south of the
Gaza Strip on this side if Al magazi
refugee camp where the Israeli forces
asked people living in that area to
evacuate and we have been seeing people
since the morning evacuating from this
area on the other side of the
street is people waiting for any type of
transportation we know that there has
been no cars no fuel for cars to uh
transport and here as you see people
taking a couple of their stuff a couple
of their mats uh a couple of blankets
and a couple of clothes because this is
the only thing they can take and we must
also remember that this is not the first
time these people have been evacuated
they evacuated from the Northern areas
of the Gaza Strip people are telling us
they're tired from being displaced for
more than one time they said that there
are no places for them to go as most of
the UN shelters schools and hospitals
are packed with people and we have been
seeing people putting their tents in
empty areas setting up their tents and
making their own refugee camps this is
the scene right now and people are being
displaced for more than one time in the
Gaza Strip This is hindar for Al jazer
al- magazi refugee camp